Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, they're going to have some productive falls category.
And also we are going to be able to say that from this op.
Okay.
And in that to do this, you're going to need to go back to obviously code and then the provider directory
and then the products that that fly.
Okay.
Now what we are simply doing.
Is over here.
We are using the products model which we have in the models directory and then.
Over here.
You can see we created a class called Products and we're passing all this fields.
That is the idea of the products, the types of the products, the description that we put out, the
price, the imagery of the products, category name and as well the quantity of the products.
Okay.
Now, all this can be seen as what's variables.
Right.
Then over here in the provider.
So that's why we are simply assigning values to that variable.
And over it, we created a variable to store those values.
Okay.
Now, what we can simply do is we can copy this products, this controller and see.
And then pace.
Okay.
You know, if I.
The height is going to be.
Can I just say the Heidi?
Should be iPhone.
Definitely the products are going to be coming from the fire base and not from the air.
Right.
Okay.
For the title of the products, it's going to be high form.
Then where we can just say iPhone.
iPhone is one of the best selling.
Phones.
Okay.
We can say the price is just ten.
The tiny dollar.
Okay.
For the imagery.
I don't think I have any products.
Has to do it for that.
We can just use the image for the category.
Okay.
Now we can go to the assets directory.
Images.
And over here, we can just copy the parts to make sure we don't have to spin the Mystic Falls.
We can.
Try to.
Okay, then.
Copy.
Okay.
Now I'm going to collapse this.
And then the lead provider and this.
Okay.
Then I said, Oh, this is going to be the.
Now as well, the category is going to be four holes.
So we're going to change this to.
Think you said, homes.
Okay.
Now how to start this?
I think.
Okay.
Great.
We can say we have 4 to 5 phones available, up to five iPhone phones.
Okay.
I'm sure, and not click on this.
You can see just falls are being displayed.
The country's just closed with a spate.
And as well, like on this laptop, we don't have any products on Daddy's laptop.
Right.
Okay.
Now, you're going to be able to click on that.
Want to be able to say that now?
Okay.
Not to do this.
We already have a cost to that fight.
And over a year we are.
Well where we have a rebel available called Firebase Hearts.
And we are saying Firebase dogs, Firebase Hotspots instance, if I miss or it has to do with user authentication.
Right.
Okay.
So what you are going to need to do is you're going to go back to ready to go to the.
Screens, I think screens.
Right.
Okay.
We have the sci fi card profile screen.
Now instead of this test widgets, we can just get rid of this and use an elevated.
Elevated button for now.
Elevated.
But in.
As in it is going to take the press.
Okay.
The child is going to be a test jets.
And he's just going to say sign.
Out.
Okay.
For now, we can just give some.
So started this.
And it's going to be test.
So.
You can just see a font size of.
Sweet tea and fun sweets.
From Tweets.
The board.
Okay.
I think we're missing one one as well.
There trachoma and then use control and excessive.
Okay.
Go back to the profile.
You can see the way that what we're going to do is we're going to call that rainbow we have in our cost
file.
Okay, so we're.
They're going to pass on the async because it's going to take some time.
So we will need to wait it.
Okay.
So we'll just have to do is the caller will be called Firebase.
Hobbies.
Arts.
Dots.
Sign.
Ouch.
Okay.
That is going to take some time.
So we're going to need to wait this out for it.
Good.
Now she starts this.
Okay.
Now, most of the time you ought to watch this.
That shows 1 to 5 times in order for you to master the code and be able to code.
On your phone.
Okay.
Now we're going to go back to the.
I think you're going to go back to the profile and click on this.
It connects.
Okay, great.